hi this is Natalie Rydstrom from SBR
picks
Crystal Palace welcomes Chelsea to their
Stadium on Saturday last meeting in
March ended one nil to the Eagles so
will Chelsea be out for revenge this
time well joining us now to run through
this match from a betting perspective
his bernardo baltazar
from the owl tips.com bernardo welcome
to the show today now is this going to
be an easy win for the Blues or more of
an even affair well I think they gotta
be it can be not so easy but in the end
of 90 minutes I think that shuttle will
hand on top it was a tough week for
Marina because a lot of international
players on that team so he gonna have
less time with them to train for this
game and also he I think he gonna be
alright thinking on the Champions League
game so I think they gonna be cautious
an unplanned transition yeah do you
think though then Chelsea Chelsea price
one point for there do you think that's
too low well I think he's firm
unfortunately I would like to have more
valid at one point seats would be
perfect but I think that bookies they
find themselves because Chelsea's on
amazing shape and one point for it yeah
what about looking at the half time full
time market here and Chelsea to win half
time full time is priced 2.05 what do
you think about that because Chelsea is
much stronger than been Crystal Palace
but it is always a bit risky especially
on a week where we had a lot of
international nights and the team didn't
have the same the same training as in
other weeks I prefer to pass that okay
well what about using Chelsea's win and
then combining it with either the over
two and a half goals or both teams to
score which way would you take on either
of those well there I prefer I prefer
the opposite I think that just don't
play dinner and just stay
so I preferred the end or 2.5 pills on
this game I'm booked for one meal and
two meal for Chelsea so if I am combined
how the would be shells and under 2.5
goals that pays around to 3.7 okay so
what about also looking at the bat
Chelsea to keep a clean sheet that's
priced at 2.15 is that enough value to
warrant a risk yes that one is my top
tip for this match Chelsea winning to
nil maintaining clean sheet they are
very strong that defense to the and I
think that they versus a Crystal Palace
that is right
very low dead quality I think they're
gonna keep the Queen she all right then
so Chelsea to give a clean cheap price
2.15 is the top tip for this match
bernardo baltazar
is from the al tips calm they provide a
betting advisory service with expertise
in UEFA FIFA and Portuguese competitions
you can find the link in the description
below which takes you to their website
bernardo thank you for joining us today
thank you very basically the SBR Network
offers free sports picks and game
breakdowns big-money free baking
contests year round a real-time Vegas
style odds monitoring service and much
more so come see for yourself
to stay updated on spr news and
promotions follow us on Twitter Facebook
and Google+ and do be sure to subscribe
to the sportsbook review youtube channel
to catch all our daily sports shows